A well-educated black has a tremendous advantage over a well-educated white in terms of the job market.
The point is that you can't be too greedy.
You know, it doesn't really matter what the media writes as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of ass.
I love beautiful women, and beautiful women love me. It has to be both ways.
All of the women on 'The Apprentice' flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
Part of the beauty of me is that I am very rich.
Bill O'Reilly asked me is there a Muslim problem? And I said absolutely, yes.
There's a lot of hate in the Koran.
I have a great relationship with the blacks. I've always had a great relationship with the blacks.
I was just informed, while on the helicopter, that our president has finally released a birth certificate.
I know the Chinese. I've made a lot of money with the Chinese. I understand the Chinese mind.
Ariana Huffington is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man. He made a good decision.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Must be a pretty picture you dropping to your knees.
As everybody knows, but the haters & losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.
If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?
Get rid of gun free zones.
He's a war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured, OK?
Hillary Clinton was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the country. The world came apart under her reign.
The fact is all lives matter.
Watch and study the mosques, because a lot of talk is going on at the mosques.
Hillary Clinton created ISIS with Obama.
If I'm president, you're going to see 'Merry Christmas' in department stores, believe me.
I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters.

